[HAMZA TZORTZIS]
Why is...
Why is incest wrong?
[LAWRENCE KRAUSS]
It's, uh- It's not clear to me that it's wrong.
[HAMZA TZORTZIS]
Okay.
It's clear to me- T-there's, uh- There's never-
[crowd gasps]
Listen- Listen to me, l-l-listen to me.
If, a brother and a sister love each other and use contraception,
is- is there something absolutely morally wrong about that, I'm, I-
A-and that by the way, and it was once,
and they went off and it didn't affect anything else,
I have to think about it, because I don't think there's any absolute condemnation
of that fact if they love each other and care for each other,
and they go off and it doesn't affect anything else, I, I-
[HAMZA TZORTZIS]
Okay.
Would I recommend it? No!
What I'll be practically happy about whether will I be willing
to listen to those arguments, if they were rational, maybe.